docs: add uninstall instructions (#10335)
foundry-rs/foundry: foundryup/README.md

**Tip**: All flags have a single character shorthand equivalent! You can use `-i` instead of `--install`, etc.

---

## Uninstalling

> Foundry contains everything in a `.foundry` directory, usually located in `/home/user/.foundry/`.

Reviewer: Or for macOS users `/Users/{user}/.foundry`

Reviewer 2: No Mac no good

- To uninstall Foundry remove the `.foundry` directory.

> ##### Note: .foundry directory contains any keystores. Make sure to backup any keystores we want to keep.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
##### Note: .foundry directory can contain keystores. Make sure to backup any keystores you want to keep.
```
